### Untitled (16877AE1)

Palatino-Roman; Jack circled his opponent, hands out in front of him, gaze locked. He lunged high - a feint - and dove down to capture ankles for a takedown. Seconds later he had the tap and stood up in victory. A few scattered cheers from classmates. A quick scan of the crowd and he thought he caught a long admiring glance from Rona, a beautiful girl he'd been crushing on for months. He looked again and she'd turned away. Wishful thinking? Class ended and he stepped out onto the deck, leaning against the railing. He'd just turned 17 years old and was still getting used to his new height after a growth spurt. Lost in thought, he struck a pose, something that made him feel epic, maybe he saw it in a movie. A giggle came from behind him and he whirled. Rona stood there smiling shyly. "What are you doing?" Scoffed, trying to play cool. "Being awesome. What are you doing?" She also leaned at the railing and looked out at the roiling ocean waters. She took a deep breath. "Trying to take it all in before I go. I'm going to miss it here." "You're going to Austin Station?" "For an internship, yes. Lasts six months — unless they hate me and kick me out." "No way. You'll be running the place in three." He looked at her sidelong. "You should take me with you." Her cheeks flushed red, almost responding as if it weren't a joke, then gave a short chuckle. "You're funny." "Well at least let me buy you dinner before you go." "Leaving in the morning, got to go pack. Raincheck?" He smiled shyly, not fully sure he wasn't being blown off. "Hug?" "I suppose so," he guffawed. She gave him a warm embrace, and a quick kiss on the cheek. "Goodbye for now. Keep your guard up," she said over her shoulder as she turned and walked away. "I will."
