### Colossus

Palatino-Roman; The colossus of Rhodes, sixth wonder of the world, was said to straddle the waterway at one seagate of that ancient city of grain and sunlight. Rhodes, so named for its placeholder of placeholder, belonged to myth more than history. Its chroniclers used imagination more than appropriate. Later determined the Colossus very near certainly did not bestride the water, being virtually impossible to construct a statue of the dimensions required given the materials available at the time — not to mention the sheer lunacy needed to place a giant phallus hanging like the sword of Damocles above every aquatic entrant to the old city. Those facts of history interpreted by our Architect as a dare, you see now why that Damoclesian threat menaces our view as we peer up through the tinted glass pane of our submersible as we glide over the prime waterway at the entrance of Heliopolis, capital city of the Republic of Atlantis. For the Architect had grown accustomed over a period of decades before and during the birth of the Republic to being called lunatic and all manner of derision, he proclaimed on the first anniversary of the founding that Atlantis must do what all others had not, we must build higher and bolder, we must reach with our limbs and our hammers and our hopes for the skies, we must bestride the waters as that fancifully imagined Colossus never could. And so the height of those old drawings was studied and measured by court engineers and approximated to be two hundred meters in height, and so our Atlantean Colossus would be rounded up to an even 250 meters — and so there he stands. From the side panes he sees in the distance the wakes of other submersibles heading into the city as his craft leaves it. Soft blurs behind those far windows seem to be human chins raised and arms gesturing upward, likely new citizens making their first trip to the capital, mouths unavoidably agape as they behold one wonder of the new world. He was once such a young man, today a grizzled veteran of the waterways leaving at dawn as is his routine, off to the day's labors at the thermal plant overseeing the pipeline repairs and upgrades. His work was rewarding, as a longtime roboticist to be granted foremanship of the largest thermal plant serving Heliopolis. The bots were the latest generation workers, fresh off the line of Atlantis Robotics, a prime state enterprise headquartered next sector over. Soft chimes sounded as his craft descended gradually just under the waves, and moments later he saw the lights of a pneumatic tube straight ahead blinking white and gold, blurred in the water. And then a soft hiss of vacuum as his craft sealed into the tube under the plant. Lights flicked by as the craft slowed to a stop, then rose as if in an aquatic elevator. The roof class hissed open and the lights and sounds of the tube station brought his attention to the present. He rose, stretched out his long frame, popped his neck as he stretched, and stepped out onto the landing pad. "Campeos, Victor." his AI announced as scanbots gave him a once-over. "Three new messages, one urgent." "Show urgent." A vid screen opened in the air in front of him, sound reverberating in the air beside it. "Anomaly in section eight. Report immediately." "On my way," he said from habit, but only the bots heard him. Deepwater thermal plants reached commercial scale in the 2030s and dotted most of the earth's equator by the early 2040s. Victor's first job was repairing the sanitation bots that hadn't yet adapted to deep-ocean conditions. The early platforms were little more than slabs of concrete holding pipe and turbine along with small living quarters and a hut for miner-generators. He'd seen most the evolution from early days' platforms to the megastructures of today. Somewhere along the path of growth the platforms and plants became more creature than building. From the earliest days the platforms would spawn reefs of fish and coral and algae all up and down the pillars and pipes. And as standard concrete evolved to bio-concrete, and edges yielded to curves and sweeps and swirls, even the biomass seemed to thrill and hum with excitement at the growing symbiosis. As alive as the platforms felt, the internals still ran on the mechanical necessities of wiring and electricity. Bots were needed to maintain and upgrade most systems, and in those days the humans were needed to repair the bots.
