### Untitled (28D9A2CE)

Palatino-Roman; Clustered at the Lagrange point between Earth and Luna were satellites and stations from terrestrial countries. USA and China had stations, the EU had a satellite. And Atlantis had a new sort of spacecraft. Part science vessel, part munitions depot, part spy satellite, the craft referred to only ever as Poseidon sat dormant for years until just now. An aperture on its earth-facing side now opens to reveal a lens. Deep beneath Heliopolis, Fleet Admiral Stellan Harper stands before a floor-to-ceiling screen covering one wall of the Atlantis Naval Command Center. Dominating the view is earth below, with split-screen panes on either side focusing on the other Lagrange craft. We see faint flags of US, EU, China. At the bank of terminals an officer says, "Systems nominal, sir. Green for mission." With no hesitation the Admiral commands, "Fire." Thirty small camera windows appear also on screen, first with views similar to the cameras fixed on the craft, but then the craft appear bigger. On the larger screen we see the faintest shadows of thirty small shapes arc out from Poseidon on curving trajectories out and splitting up toward each of the stations and satellites. They pick up speed and soon their camera views are filled with the gray metal of the crafts as they reach their targets. Targets are disabled on impact. Some of our swarm disable, some jam, some burrow into the hulls of the enemy crafts, blades cutting into metal. Some small screens become bigger as those minicraft board and now roam the decks or conduits of the disabled craft. One of the screens - marked as aboard the Chinese station Shouyu - abruptly cut out, its screen filled with gray static. "Report." "Unit 8 comms offline sir. Investigating with unit 9." All eyes swing toward the camera of unit 9 as it rounds a corner. Immediately ahead is an 8-foot-tall yellow humanoid bot brandishing a raygun. "Is that… a human faceplate?" muses an officer. "Nuke nine," barks the Admiral. A white flash erupts on multiple screens as Shouyu disappears in a nuclear blast. "Response status?" "China cruiser en route, ETA 8 minutes. US repositioning but nothing inbound. EU chatter only." "Other bees?" "Data dumps complete. Secondary targets missing." "On my mark, nuke all. Commence phase two. Three. Two. One. Mark."
