### Untitled (0F6E00AB)

Palatino-Roman; They walked along the pier sipping tea under a full moon overhead. Statues topping the pier columns seemed to gaze at them under shadowed visage, darkly white in the moonlight. They talked of academics and dreams and sea life and wild fantasies. On the horizon he saw speedboats coming and going, cargo ships lumbering, speeders cutting here and there. But here he felt they walked alone in a moonlit bubble, just them and the profusion of coral and algae and fish below. After a pause she stopped walking and declared, "We need to swim." "Yeah, but I'm not quite dressed for it." She laughed and in one motion pulled her dress over her head, her exposed breasts drawing his wide-eyed gaze. "I am," she laughed and dove off the pier. "Ah shit." He stripped off shirt and pants and dove to follow. Together they swam through the coral reef, soft lights dotting the pillars the only illumination. In the distance they caught glimpse of bioluminescence, faint blue and green. Wordlessly she slipped one hand into his, other arm leaning off one mossy pillar. He floated closer, eyes locked on hers. He wrapped one arm around her waist and pulled her to him. Their lips met, tongues exploring then swirling deeply for moments - an eternity - then she pulled back and laughed with joy. She dunked her head down and pushed against the pillar, darting out deeper into the water, turning up at the last minute to face him as she surfaced. "Well? Come on." He followed her out. She faced the distant blues just under the horizon. He came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, kicking powerfully to keep them both afloat as he pulled her hips onto his. She looked up over her shoulder at him, whispering, "Can you keep me afloat?" He cradled her face with one hand and pulled her body around to face him. He faced her with his whole being, eyes on hers. "I want you. I want this." "Just for now?" "For all time." She turned away, keeping hold of his hand, pulling him back toward the pillars. A stone staircase rose out of the water. She sat on it facing him, wrapping her legs around him. Another deep kiss, and she pushed him back, gazed ruefully over his shoulder, into her thoughts. "You know, Jack, I am first generation here." "I know. I—" "Wait." She took a breath. "Ever since I was a girl I dreamed of this place, of cradling my child and listening to the waves beat against the pillar reefs. Can you imagine my longing? I hesitate to share this with you because— I'm afraid I may want this more than you do." His heart near burst out of his chest. He stroked her cheek. "I am here," he swept his arm across the vista of the pillars and the city in the distance, "to build a legacy. A dynasty to last generations. To place my mark on this place, on seas and stars." She felt his fiery gaze pierced through to her soul. "I would be honored to share this journey with you." She smiled and wrapped her legs around him tighter, brought her lips to his ear. "Show me then."
