### Untitled (C0490A2D)

Palatino-Roman; The world's greatest military academy began like some mail-order business. Correspondence delivered by letter, even starting with snail mail. You had to express interest by filling out a form online and mailing it somewhere, and then waiting to hear nack in the mail. Sometimes letters never came. When they did, they were brusque. "Campeos, Victor. Application provisionally accepted conditional on evidence of entry requirements. Upload instructions on next page." Fifteen years later he strode the gleaming white halls of the Academy headquarters in Heliopolis. He liked to take a winding route to class, detouring to pass through the plaza, on the fourth and top floor so he could look down at all the students and faculty lounging or walkig through. Center to the great vaulted room was a massive statue of an anonymous man and woman called The Students, art deco statue of two students looking upward, pen and paper in hand. As professor of combat robotics he worked with graduate students on capstone projects. He pushed on double doors and entered an auditorium, like the ancient Roman amphitheatres, with a wide circular skylight atop a bio-concrete dome. The seats looked modern, with tablets at each. Twelve students were there now milling around. "Take your seats everyone. First two students to the front." A screen dropped down and onscreen was some outdoor arena many kilometers away, in which two robots stood face to face. One had missile launcher, one had some ray gun. Cries of "You can do it" and various insults followed the two students as they walked down the aisle to the control rigs at the front. A three-light diagram appeared over the screen, red lit up. "Battle one commences in three, two, one." The light flicked from red to yellow to green and the distant robots roared to life, their rumbling echoing through the classroom as if the students were there at the arena. Cheers as each blow landed.
