### Untitled (7C13B75A)

Palatino-Roman; What a few smart people started calling an American renaissance circa 2024 with high hopes for the Trump administration went off the rails a few short years later. It became clear that the institutional corruption of the American decline was not reversible, at least not using the methods available to the Trump administration and MAGA movement. Monetary policy became important, Ron Paul laughed from his grave, as trillions and trillions of dollars were spent to cover holes in the US balance sheet stemming from the corrective measures taken to fight recession in the aftermath of the third world war. It was hoped that because Trump's first term had no new wars begin that Trump was the best shot at avoiding a new world war. We'll never know if that would have turned out differently but the fact is that the escalation after the China invasion of Taiwan was too steep for Trump or maybe any one person to manage. The US made noise and bluster about it but ended up withdrawing its assets from the region and leaving Taiwan to its fate. Fortunately most of the vital industry US cared about had already been relocated to the US or elsewhere out of the reach of the communists. The TSMC plant in Arizona was humming along, not quite up to par with its Taiwan counterpart but getting better every month. The first shots of the Second American Civil War were fired on November 6 th , 2024, the day after election day. The electoral college was deadlocked 269 and accusations of voter fraud ran rampant. A polling center in Georgia that banned outside observers was forcibly entered by MAGA people. Cops came and as usual made a hamhanded response that killed an unarmed Republican election observer. This led to a surge of armed MAGA folk descending on every ballot counting site in every contested race. Georgia had been called for Harris but Republican lawyers were furiously challenging the result. It looked like a replay of 2020 shenanigans but now with the entire MAGA movement watching the state like a hawk, their social media networks and journalist apparatus buoyed by years of buildout and millions of American and global watchers excited for non-mainstream views.
