### Untitled (147247AA)

Palatino-Roman; Jambo was a founding member of the Atlantis Navy Antarctic Division. He was born in Argentina and did time in the Argentine navy spending time shuttling back and forth between the southern tip of Argnentina and their Antarctic base. Others on the team were engineers or shipbuilders and the like, he was just an adventurous navy rat who had a skyhigh cold tolerance and a love for desolate places. He was on the first recon mission from Atlantis, sending one of their new Aurora-class icebreaker ubs. It was all experimental as pretty much every new tech was in Atlantis, experimental meaning hey this might work or you might die quickly or you might die slowly. Can't have a bleeding-edge frontier without some blood along the way, but that's all okay with Jambo. Relations with McMurdo were… frosty, you could say. Though some in our Antarctic division were currently or formerly Americans also, that didn't seem to ingratiate them with the McMurdo authorities who, following the US State Department's lead, had come to relate to Atlanteans with stony standoffishness, cold but not scornful, like hoping hard if Atlantis were ignored they'd disappear. But when Atlantis did actually show up in a meaningful way, like showing up on the radar and in the waters America thought they should have dominion over, things could get interesting. The first incident came after Jambo's ship Borealis surfaced a few kilometers off McMurdo. They'd intended to keep a certain distance away from the cle arly delineated American presence at McMurdo Station but inadvertently surfaced within sight of an American research site where apparently some McMurdo scientists were investigating a marine ecosystem (or so they claimed). The radio crackled to life. "Unidentified vessel, this is McMurdo Station Control. You have entered a protected research zone. Please identify yourself and state your purpose." Jambo smirked and replied, "No ingle9s." More insistent: "Unidentified vessel, identify yourself now." "Borealis speaking, Atlantis Navy. Just on our way to deliver some pizzas. Y'all take care now." A pause, then a different and more stern voice: "Borealis, be advised that your presence here violates Article 3 of the Antarctic Treaty. You are required to provide advance notice of all activities in this region." "Funny I don't remember signing any such treaty. G'bye now." We later found out that two vessels from the U.S. Military Sealift Command were diverted to us on an intercept course. Within minutes, the first of the vessels appeared on our scopes, and then its hulking form emerged from the mist. "Unregistered vessel Borealis, this is Captain Richards of the USNS Capable. Your presence here is unauthorized. You are advised to depart immediately."
