### Untitled (7FAC5BF3)

Palatino-Roman; The background hum in the Library of Atlantis came from a chorus of priests ringing the perimeter, and together with the babbling of fountains and streams that ran in mini aqueducts along the walls and snaking up the classical columns formed the only sound aside from pages turning and AIs whispering. Second Librarian Ariadne Marcus had contact lenses in semantic glow mode and tuned to recent events. Her AIs collated and summarized documents that lit up with faint light as she worked her way through the police reports, a favor for the local constable, a friend of her husband. She rarely visited this section of the library as it required security clearance to view any of the documents. The passcode from the constable unlocked what she needed, and otherwise it was a normal workday: cup of tea in front of her, a small screen showing a livestream of her cat at home. She slammed her eyelids shut against a massive flash of light a few desks over. Reflex, she chided herself, remembering she could face no damage from the semantic glowlight from her contacts. But what was this! She had never seen so bright a glow. The glow lingered awhile over one table, marked in sigils as classified Above Top Secret, then settled on a drawer at the bottom. She had never seen this table used — and the cleanbots were instructed to stay away from it — so it had a unique layering of dust layered atop it. But that drawer? She tabbed to hide the glow a moment and zoomed in on the drawer. The one drawer with no dust. Had it been opened recently? Slowly standing, she resolved to look closer. Just then a catastrophe siren blared out among all nearby speakers. She looked around incredulously as other librarians and patrons walked briskly toward the exit. Are we under attack? She knew she should join the others in the shelters, but her gaze fell back on that drawer.
