# AtlantisRising

*Converted from Scrivener project*

# Novel Format

Baskerville; CenturySchoolbook; Helvetica; Helvetica-Oblique; Helvetica-Bold; LucidaGrande; ; ; ; ;; ; disc 01 ; ; hyphen 01 ; ; decimal. 0202.; 01; ; disc 01 ; ; ; disc 01 ; ; circle 01 ; ; ; disc 01 ; ; circle 01 ; ; ; disc 01 ; ; circle 01 ; ; hyphen 01 ; ; ; disc 01 ; ; decimal. 0201.; 01; ; N OVEL F ORMAT About This Template By default, when compiled (File > Compile), this project will generate a document in the standard manuscript format for novels. Settings are also provided to make it easy to compile to a paperback-style PDF for self-publishing or an EPUB or Kindle ebook. How To Use This Template Inside the "Manuscript" folder, create a new folder for each chapter and title each folder with the name of the chapter. If you don't intend to use chapter names, just use something descriptive that tells you what the chapter is about. (You do not need to—and indeed shouldn't—title the folders "Chapter One" and so on, because chapter numbering will be taken care of automatically during the Compile process.) The first chapter folder has been created for you with the placeholder title "Chapter". Note : The "Manuscript" folder is what we refer to in the documentation as the "Draft folder". It's just been renamed "Manuscript" in this template. Create a new text document for each scene inside the chapter folders. (Upon export, scenes will be separated with the "#" character for standard manuscript format, or with a blank line for other formats.) Information about characters can be placed in the "Characters" folder, and information about locations can be placed in the "Places" folder. (These are just regular folders that have had custom icons assigned to them using the Documents > Change Icon feature.) Character and setting sketch sheets have been provided which can be used for filling out information about the people and places in your novel. These are located in the "Template Sheets" folder. You should not edit the documents in the "Template Sheets" folder directly unless you wish to change the templates (which you are free to do—you may wish to customise the sketch sheets or get rid of them entirely). To create a new character sheet, click on the Characters folder (or wherever you want to create your new character sheet) and from the Project menu, select New From Template > Character Sketch. This creates a new character sketch document for you to edit and fill in with your character details. You can create setting sketch sheets in the same way. Alternatively, you can just click "Add", or hit cmd-N, with the Characters or Places folders selected. You can view character and setting sketches in the Inspector as follows: 1. Select the "Bookmarks" pane in the Inspector. 2. If necessary, click on "Document Bookmarks" at the top and switch to "Project Bookmarks". 3. Click on the chevron next to the "Characters" or "Places" folders in the Bookmarks list and choose the sheet you wish to view. (Note that only folders with content show chevrons.) A "Notes" folder has been provided for project-level notes. This has been set as the default Bookmarks folder in Project > Project Settings, so that when you create a new document from the Bookmarks sidebar in a Quick Reference panel, the document will be added to this folder. Compiling Title pages and front matter are all provided in the "Front Matter" folder (between the "Places" and "Notes" folders). Different front matter is used for different formats. Tip: You can open this document in a Quick Reference panel and have it open alongside the Compile panel if you need to refer to these instructions while compiling. To compile to standard manuscript format: Edit the "Title Page" document inside the Front Matter/Manuscript Format folder to ensure that it contains the correct information (by default it will use information from Contacts). Go to File > Compile… Next to "Compile for", select "Print", "PDF" or one of the rich text file formats such as RTF, Word or OpenOffice. Select either "Manuscript (Courier)" or "Manuscript (Times)" from the list of formats on the left (note that this list changes depending on the file format you chosen). Ensure that the "Add front matter" button is ticked under the contents list on the right and that the "Manuscript Format" folder is selected in the pop-up button next to it. (This has already been set up for you.) Click on "Compile". To compile to paperback PDF format: Edit the front matter pages contained inside the Front Matter/Paperback folder. Go to File > Compile… Next to "Compile for", select "PDF". Select "Paperback (5.06" x 7.81")" from the list of formats on the left. Ensure that the "Add front matter" button is ticked under the contents list on the right and that the "Paperback" folder is selected in the pop-up button next to it if it. (This has already been set up for you.) Click on "Compile". To compile to ebook format: Edit or remove the dedication page contained inside the Front Matter/EBook folder. Feel free to add any other front matter documents as required. Import a cover image (preferably in JPG or PNG format). You can store this anywhere, but it makes sense to place it in the "EBook" front matter folder. A placeholder cover image is already provided—you will want to delete that once you have imported your own. Be sure to check online for recommended image sizes, because the recommendations are constantly changing. The sample cover image provided is 2,500 x 1,563 pixels, based on Amazon's recommended size and proportions for a Kindle cover at the time this template was created. Go to File > Compile… From the "Compile for" menu, select one of the ebook formats. To create an ePub file, choose the "ePub 3" format. To create a Kindle file, choose the "Kindle KF8/Mobi" format. "ePub 2" and "Kindle Mobi" are older versions of the formats. They are mainly provided for supporting projects created in older versions of Scrivener. Select "Ebook" from the list of formats on the left. If you have front matter documents other than the cover image, ensure that the "Add front matter" button is ticked under the contents list on the right and that the "Ebook" folder is selected in the pop-up button next to it. If you don't have any front matter documents, you can un-tick "Add front matter". (Un-ticking this does not affect the cover image.) Above the contents list in the rightmost header bar are six buttons. Click on each of them in turn to go through the various available settings, changing what you need. In particular: Fill in the metadata such as author name and book title. Ensure your cover image is selected and shown. Click on "Compile". Making Changes There are various minor changes you can make to tweak this template so that it better suits your needs, as follows: Project and author name: The default book title and author name used in headers and elsewhere can be edited in the metadata pane of Compile (click the tag icon in the rightmost header bar of the Compile panel). Chapter subtitles: By default, Compile for this template is set up so that chapter numbers are added but not chapter titles. If you want to include the title of the chapter folder in Compile: 1. Click on "Assign Section Layouts" at the bottom of the Compile panel. 2. Select "Chapter Heading" in the list on the left. 3. Select a different layout on the right, such as "Chapter Title". (These layouts determine how each part of your manuscript looks in the compiled text.) Font: You can override the font used throughout a compiled document: 1. At the top of the "Section Layouts" pane in the centre of the Compile panel, change the "Font" setting. 2. Note that fonts are not included in ebooks, however—e-readers choose their own fonts (and you would need to pay a hefty fee for a licence to embed a font in an ebook). The "Font" setting is therefore not available for ebook formats. Page size: The "Paperback" format is set to create a PDF with a page size of 5.06" x 7.81", which is one of the formats you can use with Amazon's CreateSpace and is a popular size for trade paperbacks. You can create your own paperback format using a different page size as follows: 1. Ctrl-click on the "Paperback (5.06" x 7.81)" format in Compile's "Formats" list. 2. Select "Duplicate & Edit Format…". The window will change size and content. 3. In the "Format Name" text field at the top, change the name to something meaningful (e.g. "Paperback (6" x 9")"). 4. Select "Page Settings" in the sidebar. 5. Click on the "Page Setup…" button. 6. In the "Page Setup" panel that appears, select "Manage Custom Sizes…" from the "Paper Size" pop-up button. 7. Click the "+" button to add a new custom size and give it a name. 8. Enter the paper width and height. (Note this is Apple's standard Page Setup panel, and the units it displays are determined in System Preferences under "Language & Region" > "Advanced…".) 9. Click "OK" and then click "OK" again. 10. Click "Save" in the Compile panel. This will return you to the main Compile preview. You now have a variation of the paperback format using a different page size that you can use at any time with any project. Making your own special folders: The "Characters" and "Places" folders are just regular folders that have been set up in a particular way; you can create other folders that work in a similar manner. 1. To create a folder with a custom icon, add a new folder, place it where you want it, ensure it is selected, and then go to Documents > Change Icon to choose a different icon. 2. To create your own template sheets, create a new document inside the "Template Sheets" folder and set it up however you want (e.g. add text, change the title or icon, set default metadata and so on). Now this document will be available as the basis for creating new documents from the New From Template menu. 3. To make it so that adding a new document to the folder created in (1) always results in a document based on the template set up in (2), select the folder and go to Documents > Default Template for Subdocuments, then choose the template document you created. Working with chapters instead of scenes: By default, this project is set up so that you write each scene as a separate text document. If you don't like to break things up quite that much and would prefer to write an entire chapter in each text document, make the following changes: 1. Rename the "Scene" document to use your chapter title and move it so that it is on the same level as the "Chapter" folder rather than being inside it. 2. Move the "Chapter" folder to the Trash. 3. Create a new text document for each chapter. 4. Go to Project > Project Settings and select "Section Types". 5. Select the "Default Types by Structure" tab. 6. Delete "Level 1 files" and "Level 2 files and deeper". 7. In the "Section Type" column, change the setting for "Root files" to "Chapter", then hit "OK". This tells Scrivener that all your files contain chapter text, not scenes. Compile has already been set up to apply the right formatting to the section types defined here. Using a custom table of contents in ebooks: When exporting to ebook format, Scrivener automatically generates a table of contents. If you would like to customise what appears in the contents, follow these instructions: 1. Create a document for your table of contents inside the Front Matter/Ebook folder. 2. Name the document "Contents". 3. In the binder, select the documents you would like to appear in the table of contents (hold down Command to select more than one document). 4. For a simple flat list, hit Cmd-C or use Edit > Copy. Alternatively, if you would like the table of contents indented to match the binder structure, go to Edit > Copy Special > Copy Documents as Structured Link List. 5. Click into the text of the "Contents" document and hit Cmd-V or use Edit > Paste. The documents you wish to appear in the table of contents will now appear as a list of links. 6. If you intend to export to an older ebook format (ePub 2 or non-KF8 Mobi), select all of the text and change it to use a 12-point font. 7. If you wish to centre the table of contents, select the text and centre it. 8. In the Inspector, change the "Section Type" of the "Contents" document to "Table of Contents". Now, when you Compile, your custom "Contents" document will be used instead of the automatically-generated one. The titles in the links of the "Contents" document will automatically be updated to match those of the final compiled ebook. Sample Documents The "Sample Output" folder inside the Research folder contains examples of documents that have been created by compiling from this template. "Standard Manuscript" shows the results when compiling to "Manuscript (Courier)", and "Paperback Novel" shows the results when compiling to "Paperback (5.06" x 7.81")" format. Final Note Scrivener project templates are flexible and are not intended to restrict you to a particular workflow. You can change, delete or move the files and folders contained in the template to suit how you work. Like all templates in Scrivener, this project was originally created from the "Blank" template. We've simply added a few folders and set everything up in ways that should be useful to novel writers. Everything you can do with this project, you could equally do by creating a "Blank" project and setting it up yourself. You can create your own templates by setting up a skeletal project with the files, folders and settings you would like to use for new projects and using File > Save As Template.

# Manuscript

## Heliopolis

### Colossus

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; The colossus of Rhodes, sixth wonder of the world, was said to straddle the waterway at one seagate of that ancient city of grain and sunlight. Rhodes, so named for its placeholder of placeholder, belonged to myth more than history. Its chroniclers used imagination more than appropriate. Later determined the Colossus very near certainly did not bestride the water, being virtually impossible to construct a statue of the dimensions required given the materials available at the time — not to mention the sheer lunacy needed to place a giant phallus hanging like the sword of Damocles above every aquatic entrant to the old city. Those facts of history interpreted by our Architect as a dare, you see now why that Damoclesian threat menaces our view as we peer up through the tinted glass pane of our submersible as we glide over the prime waterway at the entrance of Heliopolis, capital city of the Republic of Atlantis. For the Architect had grown accustomed over a period of decades before and during the birth of the Republic to being called lunatic and all manner of derision, he proclaimed on the first anniversary of the founding that Atlantis must do what all others had not, we must build higher and bolder, we must reach with our limbs and our hammers and our hopes for the skies, we must bestride the waters as that fancifully imagined Colossus never could. And so the height of those old drawings was studied and measured by court engineers and approximated to be two hundred meters in height, and so our Atlantean Colossus would be rounded up to an even 250 meters — and so there he stands. From the side panes he sees in the distance the wakes of other submersibles heading into the city as his craft leaves it. Soft blurs behind those far windows seem to be human chins raised and arms gesturing upward, likely new citizens making their first trip to the capital, mouths unavoidably agape as they behold one wonder of the new world. He was once such a young man, today a grizzled veteran of the waterways leaving at dawn as is his routine, off to the day's labors at the thermal plant overseeing the pipeline repairs and upgrades. His work was rewarding, as a longtime roboticist to be granted foremanship of the largest thermal plant serving Heliopolis. The bots were the latest generation workers, fresh off the line of Atlantis Robotics, a prime state enterprise headquartered next sector over. Soft chimes sounded as his craft descended gradually just under the waves, and moments later he saw the lights of a pneumatic tube straight ahead blinking white and gold, blurred in the water. And then a soft hiss of vacuum as his craft sealed into the tube under the plant. Lights flicked by as the craft slowed to a stop, then rose as if in an aquatic elevator. The roof class hissed open and the lights and sounds of the tube station brought his attention to the present. He rose, stretched out his long frame, popped his neck as he stretched, and stepped out onto the landing pad. "Campeos, Victor." his AI announced as scanbots gave him a once-over. "Three new messages, one urgent." "Show urgent." A vid screen opened in the air in front of him, sound reverberating in the air beside it. "Anomaly in section eight. Report immediately." "On my way," he said from habit, but only the bots heard him. Deepwater thermal plants reached commercial scale in the 2030s and dotted most of the earth's equator by the early 2040s. Victor's first job was repairing the sanitation bots that hadn't yet adapted to deep-ocean conditions. The early platforms were little more than slabs of concrete holding pipe and turbine along with small living quarters and a hut for miner-generators. He'd seen most the evolution from early days' platforms to the megastructures of today. Somewhere along the path of growth the platforms and plants became more creature than building. From the earliest days the platforms would spawn reefs of fish and coral and algae all up and down the pillars and pipes. And as standard concrete evolved to bio-concrete, and edges yielded to curves and sweeps and swirls, even the biomass seemed to thrill and hum with excitement at the growing symbiosis. As alive as the platforms felt, the internals still ran on the mechanical necessities of wiring and electricity. Bots were needed to maintain and upgrade most systems, and in those days the humans were needed to repair the bots.

### Untitled (B0AABF34)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; His first time in Heliopolis boggled the mind, challenging assumptions of what a city can be — and what feels even possible to do in the middle of the ocean. He walked down tree-lined boulevards, stopped in at sidewalk cafes, played minigolf, walked past shops and homes, white pillars raising from the ground everywhere — or, if he looked a little farther out, raising out of the water as if born from the sea itself. He sat on a terrace overlooking a marina facing an artificial bay set between the seagates. He enjoyed a steak, medium rare. Beef was one of the main imports of Atlantis, for the population had a hankering for beef. Expensive taste, yes. There were experimental platforms for raising beef cows but had not yet borne fruit, nothing comparable to what could be flown in. Some beef was shipped in but the best was flown in. He'd once been given a tour of the factory where they attempted growing lab-grown meat. Funny it actually did take off but the market for it just wasn't there in Atlantis — too snobbish we all were — but in fact some of the neighboring countries ate it up. So that was one of our great exports. Atlantis had self-sufficiency in a number of things, power, 3D printing, growing greens, fishing, but not yet quality beef. A thriving import/export business dominated much of the countryside ports of Atlantis. He loved going down there to tour, and was always happy when he was asked to service a robot down there.

## Platforms

### Gulf

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; I remember the first time we mounted an oil rig in the Gulf. One of those long abandoned platforms whose ownership and provenance were recorded on some musty piece of paper in a file long forgotten. It was ours now. We claimed it under Atlantis seasteading law. That was before other governments recognized us, so technically we were pirates. I suppose we still are. These platforms were abandoned to rust and decay decades before, unloved by anyone since. The first thing we did after mounting was gaze over the railing, careful not to lean too much or risk a rusty rail giving way. We imagined looking out on a thriving metropolis, bridges built between skyscrapers, all humming with energy pulled up from below. We unloaded from our speedboat a drum of concrete powder and that night built our first concrete brick. We made a campfire and danced and drank and made a big ruckus and then our leader said that it's time. He made the usual speech, we placed the brick, declared that platform our capital, and thus we created contested waters. Recognition came later, as did the Navy and our first million citizens and victory in war and our space program and all the rest. For now there was just us, the brick, and the dusky waters of the Gulf.

## Space

### Untitled (28D9A2CE)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; Clustered at the Lagrange point between Earth and Luna were satellites and stations from terrestrial countries. USA and China had stations, the EU had a satellite. And Atlantis had a new sort of spacecraft. Part science vessel, part munitions depot, part spy satellite, the craft referred to only ever as Poseidon sat dormant for years until just now. An aperture on its earth-facing side now opens to reveal a lens. Deep beneath Heliopolis, Fleet Admiral Stellan Harper stands before a floor-to-ceiling screen covering one wall of the Atlantis Naval Command Center. Dominating the view is earth below, with split-screen panes on either side focusing on the other Lagrange craft. We see faint flags of US, EU, China. At the bank of terminals an officer says, "Systems nominal, sir. Green for mission." With no hesitation the Admiral commands, "Fire." Thirty small camera windows appear also on screen, first with views similar to the cameras fixed on the craft, but then the craft appear bigger. On the larger screen we see the faintest shadows of thirty small shapes arc out from Poseidon on curving trajectories out and splitting up toward each of the stations and satellites. They pick up speed and soon their camera views are filled with the gray metal of the crafts as they reach their targets. Targets are disabled on impact. Some of our swarm disable, some jam, some burrow into the hulls of the enemy crafts, blades cutting into metal. Some small screens become bigger as those minicraft board and now roam the decks or conduits of the disabled craft. One of the screens - marked as aboard the Chinese station Shouyu - abruptly cut out, its screen filled with gray static. "Report." "Unit 8 comms offline sir. Investigating with unit 9." All eyes swing toward the camera of unit 9 as it rounds a corner. Immediately ahead is an 8-foot-tall yellow humanoid bot brandishing a raygun. "Is that… a human faceplate?" muses an officer. "Nuke nine," barks the Admiral. A white flash erupts on multiple screens as Shouyu disappears in a nuclear blast. "Response status?" "China cruiser en route, ETA 8 minutes. US repositioning but nothing inbound. EU chatter only." "Other bees?" "Data dumps complete. Secondary targets missing." "On my mark, nuke all. Commence phase two. Three. Two. One. Mark."

## Library

### Untitled (7FAC5BF3)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; The background hum in the Library of Atlantis came from a chorus of priests ringing the perimeter, and together with the babbling of fountains and streams that ran in mini aqueducts along the walls and snaking up the classical columns formed the only sound aside from pages turning and AIs whispering. Second Librarian Ariadne Marcus had contact lenses in semantic glow mode and tuned to recent events. Her AIs collated and summarized documents that lit up with faint light as she worked her way through the police reports, a favor for the local constable, a friend of her husband. She rarely visited this section of the library as it required security clearance to view any of the documents. The passcode from the constable unlocked what she needed, and otherwise it was a normal workday: cup of tea in front of her, a small screen showing a livestream of her cat at home. She slammed her eyelids shut against a massive flash of light a few desks over. Reflex, she chided herself, remembering she could face no damage from the semantic glowlight from her contacts. But what was this! She had never seen so bright a glow. The glow lingered awhile over one table, marked in sigils as classified Above Top Secret, then settled on a drawer at the bottom. She had never seen this table used — and the cleanbots were instructed to stay away from it — so it had a unique layering of dust layered atop it. But that drawer? She tabbed to hide the glow a moment and zoomed in on the drawer. The one drawer with no dust. Had it been opened recently? Slowly standing, she resolved to look closer. Just then a catastrophe siren blared out among all nearby speakers. She looked around incredulously as other librarians and patrons walked briskly toward the exit. Are we under attack? She knew she should join the others in the shelters, but her gaze fell back on that drawer.

## History

### Untitled (68C82BF8)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; He first saw combat during the battle of Port Houston in 2031. By then most units of the Texas National Guard had been absorbed into the Texas State Guard where Victor served as lieutenant. He'd joined the State Guard originally out of a sense of civic duty to his neighbors, hoping to help in the aftermath of a hurricane or electric disaster like he'd experienced in his childhood. What began as a somewhat sleepy assignment took on new urgency as the Texas independence movement grew to attract mainstream support. The Texan schism of 2029 resulted in a split in the national guard as the more federalized units were recalled to other states and those loyal to Texas were merged into the state guard under command of the governor. While he'd come to know the NG guys a bit from sharing a base at Camp Mabry in Austin, there'd always been a bit of a culture clash between the active-duty soldiers and the part-time volunteers in the State Guard. He'd always envied the extra discipline and kit and mission and rigor of the full-timers. Exciting then to see his own force strengthened with their ranks. It gave him permission to lean more into going pro himself, seeing himself as a man on a mission, part of a stronger force on a righteous path to victory. Federal forces had fortified Houston as their staging area for moving war materiel into the state. By 2030 most of the highways had been claimed by Texan independents, with drone overflights paired with rapid-deployment guerrillas preventing federal incursion by land across most of the state. The feds primarily controlled the Texan coast. You might call it naval superiority if Texas had any navy to be superior over: it was just that the feds had complete dominance of the waters as Texas had no naval assets. The tens of thousands of coastal Texan fatalities as a result certainly stuck in everyone's mind when the Texas-Atlantis treaty was negotiated in the following years. Not quite naval, but Texas did have a few aquatic assets worth mentioning. Redneck pirates they jokingly called themselves, and they'd successfully harassed the fed shipments into the port enough that a new wave of reinforcements had just been sent to stave them off. One day they made the mistake of staging along the port in snipers' distance from an old bank tower a mile away. Independents had a patron who was a major tenant of the building and occasionally let them use it as a headquarters. So here was Victor laying along a ramshackle snipers' nest on the twentieth floor of a skycraper, training his scope on a detachment of feds unloading trucks at the port a mile away. "Bogeys in sight." "Your choice," replied his commander with binoculars. "Make it symbolic." Two feds hoisted a munitions crate between them. No doubt intended to replenish their ships with bullets intended for his brothers in arms. Heeyed his scope, muttered under his breath, "How about two birds one stone?" lined up, and put a single round through the head of both feds at once.

### Untitled (6B18FF80)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; There came a point after China invaded Taiwan where the US seemed to realize its weak position. The decay of its naval fleet, the debt held by adversaries, its inability to build new ships or munitions without depending on their advesaries, the weak and fragile supply chain. When the US was pressured off the world stage. And what made the US empire work was its navy, and that pulled back toward its shores. Rust buckets.

## Navy

### Untitled (185998FC)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; The first he heard about Atlantis was from a friend who texted him a link to an underground forum post. His friend would send him all manner of crazy conspiracy theories and such over the years, so he never attached much weight to any one thing. He looked at it briefly: Subject: what the fuck is this Body: which of you schizos is making an ocean army Attachment: ANAreqs.pdf He opened the attachment: ATLANTIS NAVAL ACADEMY ENTRY REQUIREMENTS - 100 snatches in 5 minutes with 24kg kettlebell - Tread water for 60 minutes - 5km ocean swim in under 90 minutes He stopped reading. Probably some fanfic or joke he didn't get. And on the off chance it was some legit something, there was no way he'd be able to meet those requirements. He'd joined the state guard in part because it checked his box of letting him make friends while serving his neighbors without being too demanding physically. He was in okay shape but wouldn't be able to do anything to let him join some Atlantis navy. Hah. He alt-tabbed back to his video game.

### Untitled (FE153442)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; "List your current addictions." Victor blinked at the pointed question from the silken voice of the AI coming from his phone. He knew to expect the question, but it still gave him pause. "None." "List your previous addictions." "Caffeine, nicotine, alcohol, screens, sugar." "Describe your weaning process and ongoing preventive measures to prevent relapse." "Cold turkey nine months ago. Daily regimen is Elite Atlantean level three, "% integrity." "Confirm kettlebell." "24-kilogram standard, ready." "Snatch regimen. Five minute timer begins in three, two, one."

### Untitled (EA10E68C)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; He had to search the web for how to do a kettlebell snatch. He started with a 16kg bell. Started slow, made some mistakes, pulled a muscle once, but gradually learned how to do it. Then he started counting, and he kept a log. Four snatches today. Eight snatches. Twelve. Twenty. When he got to 100 with the 16kg he repeated the process with 20, then again with 24. Every time he looked in the mirror he seemed to get leaner, meaner, sharper. For addiction training he looked up tips on a few forums linked from that original post he dug up. Some conflicting advice from various people trying different things trying to meet the criteria. Some advice that resonated with him was, drink a lot of water — more than you think you should. Go keto, go carnivore, eat carbs, eat fruit, eat vegetables, eat no vegetables, eat supplements, eat no supplements, hmm. One thing that worked was doing intermittent fasting. Brought blood sugar to even levels.

## Adolescents

### Untitled (16877AE1)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; Jack circled his opponent, hands out in front of him, gaze locked. He lunged high - a feint - and dove down to capture ankles for a takedown. Seconds later he had the tap and stood up in victory. A few scattered cheers from classmates. A quick scan of the crowd and he thought he caught a long admiring glance from Rona, a beautiful girl he'd been crushing on for months. He looked again and she'd turned away. Wishful thinking? Class ended and he stepped out onto the deck, leaning against the railing. He'd just turned 17 years old and was still getting used to his new height after a growth spurt. Lost in thought, he struck a pose, something that made him feel epic, maybe he saw it in a movie. A giggle came from behind him and he whirled. Rona stood there smiling shyly. "What are you doing?" Scoffed, trying to play cool. "Being awesome. What are you doing?" She also leaned at the railing and looked out at the roiling ocean waters. She took a deep breath. "Trying to take it all in before I go. I'm going to miss it here." "You're going to Austin Station?" "For an internship, yes. Lasts six months — unless they hate me and kick me out." "No way. You'll be running the place in three." He looked at her sidelong. "You should take me with you." Her cheeks flushed red, almost responding as if it weren't a joke, then gave a short chuckle. "You're funny." "Well at least let me buy you dinner before you go." "Leaving in the morning, got to go pack. Raincheck?" He smiled shyly, not fully sure he wasn't being blown off. "Hug?" "I suppose so," he guffawed. She gave him a warm embrace, and a quick kiss on the cheek. "Goodbye for now. Keep your guard up," she said over her shoulder as she turned and walked away. "I will."

### Untitled (E7587C09)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; Jack sat at a table near the back of the library reading a book about chi kung, specifically opening your microcosmic orbit. Another book on the table was 'The Multiorgasmic Man'. "So you're into fiction, Jack?" Jack startled to see a beautiful young woman in front of him. "Rona?"

### Untitled (0F6E00AB)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; They walked along the pier sipping tea under a full moon overhead. Statues topping the pier columns seemed to gaze at them under shadowed visage, darkly white in the moonlight. They talked of academics and dreams and sea life and wild fantasies. On the horizon he saw speedboats coming and going, cargo ships lumbering, speeders cutting here and there. But here he felt they walked alone in a moonlit bubble, just them and the profusion of coral and algae and fish below. After a pause she stopped walking and declared, "We need to swim." "Yeah, but I'm not quite dressed for it." She laughed and in one motion pulled her dress over her head, her exposed breasts drawing his wide-eyed gaze. "I am," she laughed and dove off the pier. "Ah shit." He stripped off shirt and pants and dove to follow. Together they swam through the coral reef, soft lights dotting the pillars the only illumination. In the distance they caught glimpse of bioluminescence, faint blue and green. Wordlessly she slipped one hand into his, other arm leaning off one mossy pillar. He floated closer, eyes locked on hers. He wrapped one arm around her waist and pulled her to him. Their lips met, tongues exploring then swirling deeply for moments - an eternity - then she pulled back and laughed with joy. She dunked her head down and pushed against the pillar, darting out deeper into the water, turning up at the last minute to face him as she surfaced. "Well? Come on." He followed her out. She faced the distant blues just under the horizon. He came up behind her and wrapped his arms around her, kicking powerfully to keep them both afloat as he pulled her hips onto his. She looked up over her shoulder at him, whispering, "Can you keep me afloat?" He cradled her face with one hand and pulled her body around to face him. He faced her with his whole being, eyes on hers. "I want you. I want this." "Just for now?" "For all time." She turned away, keeping hold of his hand, pulling him back toward the pillars. A stone staircase rose out of the water. She sat on it facing him, wrapping her legs around him. Another deep kiss, and she pushed him back, gazed ruefully over his shoulder, into her thoughts. "You know, Jack, I am first generation here." "I know. I—" "Wait." She took a breath. "Ever since I was a girl I dreamed of this place, of cradling my child and listening to the waves beat against the pillar reefs. Can you imagine my longing? I hesitate to share this with you because— I'm afraid I may want this more than you do." His heart near burst out of his chest. He stroked her cheek. "I am here," he swept his arm across the vista of the pillars and the city in the distance, "to build a legacy. A dynasty to last generations. To place my mark on this place, on seas and stars." She felt his fiery gaze pierced through to her soul. "I would be honored to share this journey with you." She smiled and wrapped her legs around him tighter, brought her lips to his ear. "Show me then."

## Academy

### Untitled (C0490A2D)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; The world's greatest military academy began like some mail-order business. Correspondence delivered by letter, even starting with snail mail. You had to express interest by filling out a form online and mailing it somewhere, and then waiting to hear nack in the mail. Sometimes letters never came. When they did, they were brusque. "Campeos, Victor. Application provisionally accepted conditional on evidence of entry requirements. Upload instructions on next page." Fifteen years later he strode the gleaming white halls of the Academy headquarters in Heliopolis. He liked to take a winding route to class, detouring to pass through the plaza, on the fourth and top floor so he could look down at all the students and faculty lounging or walkig through. Center to the great vaulted room was a massive statue of an anonymous man and woman called The Students, art deco statue of two students looking upward, pen and paper in hand. As professor of combat robotics he worked with graduate students on capstone projects. He pushed on double doors and entered an auditorium, like the ancient Roman amphitheatres, with a wide circular skylight atop a bio-concrete dome. The seats looked modern, with tablets at each. Twelve students were there now milling around. "Take your seats everyone. First two students to the front." A screen dropped down and onscreen was some outdoor arena many kilometers away, in which two robots stood face to face. One had missile launcher, one had some ray gun. Cries of "You can do it" and various insults followed the two students as they walked down the aisle to the control rigs at the front. A three-light diagram appeared over the screen, red lit up. "Battle one commences in three, two, one." The light flicked from red to yellow to green and the distant robots roared to life, their rumbling echoing through the classroom as if the students were there at the arena. Cheers as each blow landed.

## America

### Untitled (7C13B75A)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; What a few smart people started calling an American renaissance circa 2024 with high hopes for the Trump administration went off the rails a few short years later. It became clear that the institutional corruption of the American decline was not reversible, at least not using the methods available to the Trump administration and MAGA movement. Monetary policy became important, Ron Paul laughed from his grave, as trillions and trillions of dollars were spent to cover holes in the US balance sheet stemming from the corrective measures taken to fight recession in the aftermath of the third world war. It was hoped that because Trump's first term had no new wars begin that Trump was the best shot at avoiding a new world war. We'll never know if that would have turned out differently but the fact is that the escalation after the China invasion of Taiwan was too steep for Trump or maybe any one person to manage. The US made noise and bluster about it but ended up withdrawing its assets from the region and leaving Taiwan to its fate. Fortunately most of the vital industry US cared about had already been relocated to the US or elsewhere out of the reach of the communists. The TSMC plant in Arizona was humming along, not quite up to par with its Taiwan counterpart but getting better every month. The first shots of the Second American Civil War were fired on November 6 th , 2024, the day after election day. The electoral college was deadlocked 269 and accusations of voter fraud ran rampant. A polling center in Georgia that banned outside observers was forcibly entered by MAGA people. Cops came and as usual made a hamhanded response that killed an unarmed Republican election observer. This led to a surge of armed MAGA folk descending on every ballot counting site in every contested race. Georgia had been called for Harris but Republican lawyers were furiously challenging the result. It looked like a replay of 2020 shenanigans but now with the entire MAGA movement watching the state like a hawk, their social media networks and journalist apparatus buoyed by years of buildout and millions of American and global watchers excited for non-mainstream views.

## Antarctica

### Untitled (147247AA)

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; Jambo was a founding member of the Atlantis Navy Antarctic Division. He was born in Argentina and did time in the Argentine navy spending time shuttling back and forth between the southern tip of Argnentina and their Antarctic base. Others on the team were engineers or shipbuilders and the like, he was just an adventurous navy rat who had a skyhigh cold tolerance and a love for desolate places. He was on the first recon mission from Atlantis, sending one of their new Aurora-class icebreaker ubs. It was all experimental as pretty much every new tech was in Atlantis, experimental meaning hey this might work or you might die quickly or you might die slowly. Can't have a bleeding-edge frontier without some blood along the way, but that's all okay with Jambo. Relations with McMurdo were… frosty, you could say. Though some in our Antarctic division were currently or formerly Americans also, that didn't seem to ingratiate them with the McMurdo authorities who, following the US State Department's lead, had come to relate to Atlanteans with stony standoffishness, cold but not scornful, like hoping hard if Atlantis were ignored they'd disappear. But when Atlantis did actually show up in a meaningful way, like showing up on the radar and in the waters America thought they should have dominion over, things could get interesting. The first incident came after Jambo's ship Borealis surfaced a few kilometers off McMurdo. They'd intended to keep a certain distance away from the cle arly delineated American presence at McMurdo Station but inadvertently surfaced within sight of an American research site where apparently some McMurdo scientists were investigating a marine ecosystem (or so they claimed). The radio crackled to life. "Unidentified vessel, this is McMurdo Station Control. You have entered a protected research zone. Please identify yourself and state your purpose." Jambo smirked and replied, "No ingle9s." More insistent: "Unidentified vessel, identify yourself now." "Borealis speaking, Atlantis Navy. Just on our way to deliver some pizzas. Y'all take care now." A pause, then a different and more stern voice: "Borealis, be advised that your presence here violates Article 3 of the Antarctic Treaty. You are required to provide advance notice of all activities in this region." "Funny I don't remember signing any such treaty. G'bye now." We later found out that two vessels from the U.S. Military Sealift Command were diverted to us on an intercept course. Within minutes, the first of the vessels appeared on our scopes, and then its hulking form emerged from the mist. "Unregistered vessel Borealis, this is Captain Richards of the USNS Capable. Your presence here is unauthorized. You are advised to depart immediately."

# Characters

# Places

# Front Matter

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; ;; Note that in the "Metadata" pane of the Inspector, under "Section Type", the "Default Subdocument Type" is set to "Front Matter". This setting causes all subdocuments of this folder to use the "Front Matter" section type by default (that is, when "Structure-Based" is selected as the section type). This saves us from having to manually assign the "Front Matter" section type for each document we place into this folder. During Compile, documents assigned the "Front Matter" section type will be laid out differently from documents in the main body of the manuscript.

## Manuscript Format

### Title Page

**Synopsis:** Title page to the manuscript.

Courier; ; ; ;; Christopher David 1101 W 34 th St #581 Austin, TX 78705 512' chris@openagents.com (Your agent's name) (Your agent's address) <$wc100> words. ATLANTIS RISING by Christopher David

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; ;; This is the title page of the manuscript. Note that its "Section Type" is automatically set to "Front Matter" in the Metadata pane of the Inspector, allowing the title page to be formatted differently from body text during Compile. The <$PROJECTTITLE> and <$fullname> tags get replaced with metadata information you can set when compiling. Other information is taken from Contacts when the project is created. The <$wc100> words tag will be replaced with the word count rounded to the nearest 100 during Compile (this and other tags can be inserted from the Insert menu). Feel free to edit the text of the title page as required.

## Paperback

### Title Page

MyriadPro-Regular; TimesNewRomanPSMT; ; ; ;; <$PROJECTTITLE> <$author>

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; ;; These tags get replaced with the information set in the Metadata pane of Compile. Alternatively, you can simply replace this text altogether.

### Copyright

Palatino-Roman; ; ; Copyright a9 <$year> <$author> All rights reserved. ISBN: ISBN:

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; Feel free to delete this document if you don't need it, or edit it for your needs.

### Dedication

Palatino-Roman; ; ; Insert dedication here.

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; Feel free to delete this document if you don't need it.

### Blank Page

Palatino-Roman; ; ; <$BLANK_PAGE>

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; During Compile, Scrivener will try to remove any unnecessary blank pages. The <$BLANK_PAGE> tag tells Scrivener to leave this page blank (the tag itself will be removed from the compiled document).

## Ebook

### Dedication

Palatino-Roman; ; ; Your dedication here.

**Notes:**

Helvetica; ; ; Feel free to delete this document if you don't need it.

# Notes

## Backup

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; largely been rolled up across central and eastern Texas, already withdrawn from the western part of the state, and had

## Sample Output

## Submarines

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ;; https://nationalinterest.org/blog/buzz/navys-nightmare-coming-true-age-submarine-ending

## Untitled (C6ABD0C9)

# Template Sheets

## Character Sketch

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ; ; ;; ; ; Character Name Age 95 Location Role in Story Goal Physical Description Personality Occupation Habits/Mannerisms Background Internal Conflicts External Conflicts Notes

## Setting Sketch

Palatino-Roman; ; ; ; ; ;; ; ; Name of Setting Location Role in Story Related Characters Season Unique Features Description Sights Sounds Smell Notes

##  largely been rolled up across central and eastern Texas, already withdrawn from the western part of the state, and had
